document performance flags for serve (#57845)
ray-project/ray: doc/source/serve/advanced-guides/performance.md

- `RAY_SERVE_ROUTER_RETRY_MAX_BACKOFF_S`: The maximum backoff time (in seconds) between retries. Default is `0.5`.

### Enable throughput-optimized flags

:::{note}

> In Ray v2.54.0, the defaults for `RAY_SERVE_RUN_USER_CODE_IN_SEPARATE_THREAD` and `RAY_SERVE_RUN_ROUTER_IN_SEPARATE_LOOP` will change to `0` for improved performance.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A breaking change to this functionality will go live with Ray version 2.54.0. The defaults for `RAY_SERVE_RUN_USER_CODE_IN_SEPARATE_THREAD` and `RAY_SERVE_RUN_ROUTER_IN_SEPARATE_LOOP` will change to `0`, disabling existing default functionality to improve serving throughput.

You should update your code to explicitly set these properties to `1` if your workloads require legacy behavior.
```

Typically, I avoid mentioning future state. Since this is a known planned migration, we should announce it.

We should also draft customer comms and work with @tg-anyscale to address Anyscale customers. (I understand this is technically opt-in for the breaking change because it's a new Ray version, but still nice to encourage customers to start testing now.)

Reviewer: Sorry, I'm confused: won't running the user code in the same loop as the serve code break customer workloads with blocking logic once the default changes (assuming upgrade to Ray 2.54.0)?

Or will users not experience a performance degradation relative to now, they just won't see an improvement?

> In Ray v2.54.0, the defaults for `RAY_SERVE_RUN_USER_CODE_IN_SEPARATE_THREAD` and `RAY_SERVE_RUN_ROUTER_IN_SEPARATE_LOOP` will change to `0` for improved performance.

Reviewer 2: since we're making this out in the future 2.54, should we just include the logging one as well then

> In Ray v2.54.0, the defaults for `RAY_SERVE_RUN_USER_CODE_IN_SEPARATE_THREAD` and `RAY_SERVE_RUN_ROUTER_IN_SEPARATE_LOOP` will change to `0` for improved performance.

Author: i am inclined to leave it out, because when we implement the time-based logger, we can immediately roll it out without warning to the developer, since it has no perceivable impact.

:::

> Ray Serve offers performance flags that improve throughput and latency. You can enable all optimizations at once with `RAY_SERVE_THROUGHPUT_OPTIMIZED=1`, or configure individual flags:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This section details how to enable Ray Serve options focused on improving throughput and reducing latency.

To configure all options to the recommended settings, set the environment variable `RAY_SERVE_THROUGHPUT_OPTIMIZED=1`.

You can also configure each option individually. The following list details the recommended configurations and their impact:
```

Author: >can I still override individual configs below?

no, need to unset RAY_SERVE_THROUGHPUT_OPTIMIZED and manually set each one individually.
